create what is mongodb article (#305)
prisma/dataguide: content/08-mongodb/01-what-is-mongodb.mdx

## How it works
To achieve better scalability and agility, MongoDB works with the JSON variant, Binary JSON, or [BSON](https://www.prisma.io/dataguide/mongodb/mongodb-datatypes).  BSON accommodates more data types than JSON giving more flexibility to the types of data that can be stored in MongoDB.

<PrismaOutlinks>

If you are looking to get started working with MongoDB and Prisma, checkout our [getting started from scratch guide](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started) or how to [add to an existing project](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started/setup-prisma/add-to-existing-project/mongodb-typescript-mongodb).

</PrismaOutlinks>

### MongoDB data Structure
Rather than tables made up of rows and columns, MongoDB has collections made up of documents. Documents are comprised of field and value pairs. In relation to relational databases, the pieces that make up a MongoDB database can loosely be thought of as follows:

| Relational |   | Document |
|----------- |---|--------- |
|Table       | = |Collection|
|Row | = | Document |
|Column | =| Field|

The basic structure looks as follows:

> ```

Author: Ah I like that a lot. Will add.

{
   field1: value1,
   field2: value2,
   field3: value3,
   ...
   fieldN: valueN
}
```

Documents look very similar to a JSON object. Documents can hold any of the available BSON data types as well as other documents, arrays, and arrays of documents. This JSON-style format directly maps to native objects in most modern programming languages, making it a natural choice for developers.

>  An example would look like:

Reviewer: Ahh, I guess this is a bit similar to my suggestion above.  I guess if you wanted to do both, the schema here and the relational vs document example I was suggesting could talk about the same general structure.  Just an idea.

```
var mydoc = {
               _id: ObjectId("5099803df3f4948bd2f98391"),
               name: { first: "James", last: "Joyce" },
               birth: new Date('Feb 02, 1882'),
               death: new Date('Jan 14, 1941'),
               books: [ "Ulysses", "Dubliners","Finnegan's Wake" ],
               sales : NumberLong(1250000)
            }
```

- `_id` holds an [*ObjectId*].
- `name` holds an *embedded document* that contains the fields `first` and `last`.
- `birth` and `death` hold values of the [*Date*] type.
- `books` holds an array of [*strings*].
- `sales` holds a value of the [*NumberLong*] type.

### MongoDB query language

> Since MongoDB databases are document oriented, the data is typically unstructured. This makes accessing data different then when querying a relational database with structured query language (SQL). MongoDB has its own query language simply called MongoDB Query Language (MQL). 

Reviewer: I always wonder with MongoDB if there's a better way of saying that the data is unstructured.  Is it more accurate to say that it doesn't follow a predetermined structure or something similar?  I think it's just a weird thing that my brain gets stuck on that I'm sure other people don't worry about.

```
| primary_key | first_name | last_name | age | email                | phone_number |
| ----------- | ---------- | --------- | --- | -------------------- | ------------ |
|           1 |        Tom |     Brown |  38 |      tom.b@email.com |     555-3802 |
|           2 |      Sarah |     Green |  84 |               (NULL) |     555-8088 |
|           3 |        Sam |     White |  22 |        sammi@123.org |     555-1234 |
```
Whereas, as we saw with our author document previously, a collection of similar documents in MongoDB might be modeled in JSON like this:

```
{
    primary_key: 1,
    first_name: "Tom",
    last_name: "Brown",
    age: 38,
    email_address: "tom.b@email.com",
    phone_number: "555-3802"
},
{
    primary_key: 2,
    first_name: "Sarah",
    last_name: "Green",
    age: 84,
    phone_number: "555-8088"
},
{
    primary_key: 3,
    first_name: "Sam",
    last_name: "White",
    age: 22,
    email_address: "sammi@123.org",
    phone_number: "555-1234",
    notes: [
        "High value customer",
        "Has a dog named Fido"
    ]
}
```

> Deciding on a document database versus a relational database comes down to the type of data that the database is storing and how it shoud be accessed. MongoDB's documents promote flexibility over rigidity and case ease the way data is accessed from an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deciding on a document database versus a relational database comes down to the type of data that the database is storing and how it should be accessed. MongoDB's documents promote flexibility over rigidity and ease the way data is accessed from an application.
```

Wasn't sure about the "case ease" here, but also am not sure what the intended word was, so feel free to change.
